Hello there! 

Instructions: Follow all the commands and try to use the keyboard
shortcuts. A list of the most useful ones can be found in the
resources folder of the course website. You can do them by hand, 
of course, but it might take you a while and it makes this assignment
entirely pointless. Remember that C indicates the Control key and that
M indicates the Alt/Esc key. Once you've finished with the tutorial, just 
save it in your directory.




Hint: Trying using Ctrl-K!



Alt-W is to copy, Ctrl-Y is to yank
Copy this text 5 timesCopy this text 5 timesCopy this text 5 timesCopy this text 5 timesCopy this text 5 timesCopy this text 5 times

Do you remember how to do this? =)



Spell-check this passage. Brownie points if you know where the passage is
from. Use Alt-X ispell buffer

On an exceptionally hot evening early in July a young man came out of
the garret in which he lodged in S. Place and walked slowly, as though
in hesitation, towards K. bridge.

He had successfully avoided meeting his landlady on the staircase. His
garret was under the roof of a high, five-storied house and was more
like a cupboard than a room. The landlady who provided him with
garret, dinners, and attendance, lived on the floor below, and every
time he went out he was obliged to pass her kitchen, the door of which
invariably stood open. And each time he passed, the young man had a
sick, frightened feeling, which made him scowl and feel ashamed. He
was hopelessly in debt to his landlady, and was afraid of meeting her.

This was not because he was cowardly and abject, quite the contrary;
but for some time past he had been in an over-strained irritable
condition, verging on hypochondria. He had become so completely
absorbed in himself, and isolated from his fellows that he dreaded
meeting, not only his landlady, but anyone at all. He was crushed by
poverty, but the anxieties of his position had of late ceased to weigh
upon him. He had given up attending to matters of practical
importance; he had lost all desire to do so. Nothing that any landlady
could do had a real terror for him. But to be stopped on the stairs,
to be forced to listen to her trivial, irrelevant gossip, to pestering
demands for payment, threats and complaints, nd to rack his brains
for excuses, to prevaricate, to lie no, rather than that, he would
creep down the stairs like a cat and slip out unseen.

This evening, however, on coming out into the street, he became
acutely aware of his fears.


END OF PASSAGE




Scroll down 



















Keep scrolling














kill this line.

Copy this one

















Keep going























Undo the previous two things you did


